i	table	field	description
1	MRDS		"Point features, Typically mines, Prospects, Or occurrences of a mineral resource."
2	MRDS	i	"Index of the row within the table."
3	MRDS	dep_id	"Unique identifier for the record within the database, an 8-digit number."
4	MRDS	name	"Current name of the site."
5	MRDS	dev_stat	"Development status, indicating whether or not the site has produced commodities in the past."
6	MRDS	url	"Hypertext link to an online report showing all of the information about the site contained in the database."
7	MRDS	code_list	"List of commodity codes as text, delimited by spaces."
8	MRDS	longitude	"Geographic longitude of the site, WGS84 datum, west longitudes negative."
9	MRDS	latitude	"Geographic latitude of the site, WGS84 datum, south latitudes negative."
10	Names		"Names by which the site is described in the literature."
11	Names	i	"Index of the row within the table."
12	Names	dep_id	"Unique identifier for the record within the database, an 8-digit number."
13	Names	line	"Index of this name within the list of names given for this site."
14	Names	name	"Text of the name"
15	Names	status	"Status of the name; current or previous."
16	Commodity		"Commodities present at a site"
17	Commodity	i	"Index of the row within the table."
18	Commodity	dep_id	"Unique identifier for the record within the database, an 8-digit number."
19	Commodity	line	"Index of this name within the list of names given for this site."
20	Commodity	code	"Unique identifier of the commodity, a short code used in the field MRDS:code_list"
21	Commodity	commodity	"Name of the commodity"
22	Commodity	importance	"Importance of the commodity, primary, secondary, or tertiary."
23	Materials		"Geologic materials present at the site, normally minerals in or near the deposit"
24	Materials	i	"Index of the row within the table."
25	Materials	dep_id	"Unique identifier for the record within the database, an 8-digit number."
26	Materials	rec	"Index of this name within the list of names given for this site."
27	Materials	ore_gangue	"Role of the material in the deposit, either  Ore or Gangue"
28	Materials	material	"Name of the material or mineral"
29	Dups		"Additional reports within the database that describe the same mineral resource"
30	Dups	i	"Index of the row within the table."
31	Dups	dep_id	"Unique identifier for the record within the database, an 8-digit number."
32	Dups	dep_id_dup	"Unique identifier for another record within the database describing the same mineral resource."
33	Dups	onlink	"Hypertext link to the online report given by the record whose identifier is given in dep_id_dup"
34	Dups	rel_type	"Relationship between the record identified as dep_id_dup and the one identified as dep_id"
35	Dups	notes	"Additional notes as to how this relationship was determined or what it means"
36	Accession		"Information about this particular extract of the database, such as when it was created."
37	Accession	i	"Index of the row within the table."
38	Accession	xmin	"West bounding coordinate of the data within this extract."
39	Accession	ymin	"South bounding coordinate of the data within this extract."
40	Accession	xmax	"East bounding coordinate of the data within this extract."
41	Accession	ymax	"North bounding coordinate of the data within this extract."
42	Accession	onlink	"Hypertext link to the source from which this extract was generated"
43	Accession	when	"Date and time the extract was created"
44	About		"Information about tables and fields in this subset of the database"
45	About	i	"Index of the row within the table"
46	About	table	"Name of the table"
47	About	field	"Name of the field within the table"
48	About	description	"Description or definition of the field within the table; if field is empty, describes the table as a whole."
